ha what is going on guys so I am back
home I'm back home it is the 30th this
is gonna go up today it's gonna be kind
of late I just got back today oh my
goodness like it's 9pm right now but
it's 3am almost 4am back in Africa where
I was it's like my body my body is just
like oh my god but uh besides that's
beside the point I this video just to
let you guys know graduates developer
has talked yet again and this is
something big what he said is very very
big I'm going to have a video up
tomorrow it's going to be a debate
whether the from this news that we get
I'm gonna be talking about the
possibilities of graduates equal being
on the ps4 or the PS Vita so look out
for that video tomorrow you're really
not gonna want to miss it but on to the
news so I'm just gonna read the whole
post because this is just crazy I've
been holding on to this since the 23rd
of December but I was away the whole
time so it's like I couldn't do anything
about it I I literally had this this tab
open on my laptop I would just read it
every day because it was just awesome so
a hairy guy says and last year's Tokyo
Game Show sony rities a new gravity rest
project but we haven't heard much about
it since then director chi Chi Rho
toyama recently shed some light on
what's going what's been going on with
it and the ladies issue for me to
magazine this is a this is whenever I
said something this is a video that I
said is he gonna be 10-15 bound which I
pretty sure it is so yeah and he said so
I'll just read that again since I select
my own title and new endure and a new
endeavor as well actually I don't even
know if he said that before I don't know
I forget what I didn't have a whatever
whatever so is he says I expect my own
title and a new endeavor as well a new
endeavor what does that mean what's that
mean but and he said said toad toyama
when asked if he could share what we can
expect the scene to another 15 so he
expects his title to be out dozen 15 so
that's for sure as for sure it's coming
out to the 15 right there
and then he continues to say we've been
keeping you all waiting on information
for the new gravity rush game but once
we show to the world I believe you'll
understand why we've kept you waiting I
wish I should unfazed camp for this
because my face my facial expressions my
feelings everything is just like oh my
god i just think uh-huh let me read that
again for you we've been keeping you all
waiting on information for the new
gravity rush game but once we show it to
the world I believe you'll understand
why we've kept you waiting oh my god and
this post goes to say it's been about a
year and three months since we last
heard of the new project so it should be
interesting to see what the new gravity
rush game looks like a year or a year in
three months and a year that back a year
and three months ago the game looked
like it had already been going through
I'm what's it called program whatever
being created because gravity rush came
out during 12 gravity days came up to
him 12 though so like a kid gravity days
came out I think it was a launch game in
Japan actually now I think about it so
and so like it was out you know the game
was out so they could have been working
on the sequel already the only reason
why I didn't come out right away in the
u.s. because of localization and I had
to go through all that the whole process
so that delayed it but the game was
finished early on 2012 so and a lot of a
lot of things that what developers do is
they start making a sequel right after
they make first one and so maybe they
gave the game a couple weeks like wow
this game is doing good and they want to
make it a series and everything so
that's when they could have started and
this is where the whole piece for piece
Federspiel comes to play you know why
there's going to be but i'm not going to
talk about this in this video i want to
have a good long discussion about it so
that's what i'm going to be doing in the
video tomorrow so that's gonna be it for
this one i just thought i had to make a
video today just to let you guys know
i'm home and i had to get this info i
had to get his info so yeah um stay
tuned for tomorrow guys oh my god
about to record tonight because it's
just so much it's just so much so yeah
thank you guys for watching and I will
see you guys tomorrow when we discuss it
so yeah peace